Hahaha
It seems that Li Shao is not good enough
No way can you beat me, a nouveau riche
Kid
Wait for me
cut
10 billion from Wang Shiyu, anchor of Dingfeng Media
Contribution value 10 billion
No matter how rich a super tycoon is, he can't give out gifts worth 10 billion.
This is the strength of the Li family.
There is no comparison. There is no comparison at all.
I have to think about how to change jobs to the top
Seeing strength is strength
Even if you are a nouveau riche,
I can't beat Li Sheng
Will only be stepped on by me forever
Li Shao still has to be the upstart you, Lin Fang
There's no way I can compare to you.
Mr. Lin, what should we do now?
Mr. Lin, why don't you just forget it?
Li Fei, I advise you
It's better to cut ties with this upstart.
Come to us Dingfeng Media
Otherwise
You really have to sleep under the overpass with him.
How much did I have
It turned out to be only 10 billion
This is the final strength of your Li family.
Death is approaching, but it is still in my mouth
You spent so much money to buy Xingyue Media
I don't believe the money in your pocket now can exceed 10 billion
Excuse me
I really do haha